In traditional programming we need data + rules to gain an answer. 
But in modern programming like deep learning we need data + answer to gain some rules.

Course 1 Introduction 
Quiz 1
1. What is the difference between traditional programming and Machine Learning? 
In traditional programming, a programmer has to formulate or code rules manually, 
whereas, in Machine Learning, the algorithm automatically formulates the rules from the data.

2. What do we call the process of telling the computer what the data represents 
(i.e. this data is for walking, this data is for running)? Labelling the Data

3. What is a Dense layer? A layer of connected neurons

4. How do you measure how good the current ‘guess’ is? Using the Loss function

5. What does the optimizer do? Generates a new and improved guess

6. What is Convergence? The process of getting very close to the correct answer
7. What is overfitting? An analysis that corresponds too closely or exactly to a particular set of data.
8. What does model.fit do? It trains the neural network to fit one set of values to another

Quiz 2
1. What is the resolution of o the 70,000 images from the Fashion MNIST dataset? 28x28 Greyscale
2. Why are there 10 output neurons in the Neural Network used as an example for the Computer Vision 
Problem? There are 10 different labels

3. What does Relu do? It only returns x if x is greater than zero
4. Why do you split data into training and test sets? To test a network with previously unseen data

5. The on_epoch_end function sends a logs object with lots of great information about the current 
state of training at the start of every epoch. False

6. Why do you set the callbacks= parameter in your fit function? 
So, on every epoch you can call back to a code function

Quiz 3
1. How do Convolutions improve image recognition? They isolate features in images
2. What does the Pooling technique do to the images? Reduces information in them 
while maintaining some features

3. If you pass a 28x28 image through a 3x3 filter the output will be 26x26 True
4. After max pooling a 26x26 image with a 2x2 filter, the output will be 56x56 False

5. How does using Convolutions in our Deep neural network impact training? Its 
impact will depend on other factors.

Quiz 4
1. What method on the Image Generator is used to normalize the image? rescale
2. How did we specify the training size for the images? The target_size parameter 
on the training generator

3. When we specify the input_shape to be (300, 300, 3), what does that mean? 
Every Image will be 300x300 pixels, with 3 bytes to define color

4. Convolutional Neural Networks are better for classifying images like horses 
and humans because:
•	In these images, the features may be in different parts of the frame
•	There’s a wide variety of horses
•	There’s a wide variety of humans

5. If your training data is close to 1.000 accuracy, but your validation data isn’t, 
what’s the risk here? You’re overfitting on your training data

6. After reducing the size of the images, the training results were different. Why? 
We removed some convolutions to handle the smaller images

7. Using Image Generator, how do you label images? It’s based on the directory the 
image is contained in


